Add NEWS entry for #9020. (#9027)
cvc5/cvc5: NEWS.md

This file contains a summary of important user-visible changes.

**Changes**

> - API: Previosuly, it was disallowed to share Sort, Term, Op, Grammar and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- API: Previously, it was not possible to share Sort, Term, Op, Grammar and
```

This file contains a summary of important user-visible changes.

**Changes**

> - API: Sort, Term, Op and datatype objects do not maintain a reference

Reviewer: Also add `Grammar` to this list.

> - API: Sort, Term, Op, Grammar and datatype objects do not maintain a reference

Reviewer: Actually, do we even need to mention NodeManager here at all?  The user shouldnt have to care about what NodeManager is.

Author: Well, yes, technically the only thing important is that we can now share NodeManager instances between Solvers.

Author: For us, however, it might be good to have these details added? Idk, don't have a strong opinion.

Reviewer: Actually, we have always shared NodeManagers between Solvers, its only the dependency that has changed.   So the wording is still confusing to me.

I think I'd prefer not mentioning the internals in this note.

Author: Right, we have always shared NodeManagers between Solvers, but until #9020 we were not able to share Terms, Sorts, etc. between Solver instances. I agree, let's not mention internals, and only mention this.

       (and depend) on Solver anymore. Instead, they are now associated

>        to a NodeManager object. This allows sharing of NodeManagers between

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       to a NodeManager object. This allows sharing of these objects between
```
